I'm not questioning your intelligence, merely denying its existence
Who set the bots to passive?
Christopher Columbus has better map awareness than you
aMight I suggest you beat the tutorial first
I bet you guys are going to single-handedly keep the porn industry alive for the next 30 years the way you're fucking us.
You're the type of player to get 3rd place in a 1v1 match
John Lennon is better at dodging bullets than you
You're about as useful as a snowshovel in Hawaii.
Its a shame you werent the pilot of 9/11, you would have missed the building.
Correct! I am a tool, because unlike you, I'm actually useful.
The only way you guys could let me down harder would be by pushing me into the grand canyon.
You know you're a bad gamer when you still miss with an aimbot.
Stephen Hawking has better hand-eye coordination than you.
You didn't make a mistake. Your parents did.
Why don't you slip into something more comefortable? Like a coma?
Just fucking throw your mouse at your screen, that'll be the first shot you hit. You know what? You'll just miss that too.
The guy who played CSGO with a wheel is better than you
Would you like some fries with that salt?
I'm surprised you even hit the power button on your computer.
Comcast gives better support than you."
Don't worry, everybody was new once. You just... stayed.. new, somehow...
You're worth less than a Steam trading card
only thing u carry is an extra chromosome
If you were any more inbred you'd be a sandwich
Move your sisters head, I'm gonna kick you in the dick
Don't beat yourself up. We already did that for you
Just because you have the ability to click play doesn't mean you should.
I'd tell you to blow me but you've been sucking dick all game
If your face was a Counter Strike map, it would be de_formed.
You could be the only person in the game and still manage to die.
Even Noah can't carry these animals
Stormtroopers aim better than you.
I'm surprised you even managed to get out of bed without hurting yourself
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall
Legend has it that the number 0 was first invented after scientists calculated your chance of doing something useful.
You couldn't even support a drug addiction
You know this isn't turn based combat right? When they shoot at you feel free to shoot back.
Which is lower, your score or your IQ?
You make stormtroopers look good.
30 millon sperm and you swam the fastest?
Is your monitor on
Does your ass ever get jealous of the amount of shit that comes out of your mouth?
You must really like spectating your team
31.5 N, 35,5 E, the coordinates of the Dead Sea, the saltiest place on earth next to your bitch ass.
If you were to shoot yourself, your K/D ratio would improve by 100%.
It must be difficult for you, exhausting your entire vocabulary in one sentence.
Your years of practice on easy bots clearly paid off.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
A woman at a urinal has better spray control than you
It's a joke, not a cock, don't take it so hard
The only problem with your PC is that thing between your keyboard and your chair
My shoes have more support than you've given me.
Hitler knew when to kill-himself. Why can't you do the same?
There are about 37 trillion cells working together in your body right now, and you are disappointing every single one of them.
The ocean must be jealous from the amount of salt you hold.
I'm okay with this team. I work in the city as a garbage collector. I'm used to carrying trash.
If the human body is only 65% water then how are you 100% salty?
Remember that one time when you were good at this game? Me neither.
You're the reason they need to put instructions on Bleach bottles 
players like you should come with a handicap sticker
I would tell you to shoot yourself, but you'd miss.
You should make a team and call it 'soup kitchen' cause you're feeding everyone
video games bring new experiences and right now I'm experiencing what it's like to be a special needs caretaker
I'd tell you to kill yourself, but I'm pretty sure you'd miss.
you camp more than Bear Grylls
Did Marvel buy the rights to your mouse?  Because you can't seem to actually kill anybody off.
Maybe you should try something more your speed.. like stopping
When I die I want you to to lower me in my grave so you can let me down one more time.
I think you dropped a pair of chromosomes right there
You're an inspiration for birth control.
You are probably the only person that will miss with an aimbot.
You're the MVP of the other team
I can't wait till I have dementia so I can forget that ever happened.
To which foundation do I need to donate to help you?
I suggest turning your monitor on for improved gaming performance.
I see, the reason you don't push the payload is that even it can't carry you if you sit on it.
Your aim is so poor Obama made a plan for it.
This is why doctors advocate regular masturbation, to keep fuck ups like you from being conceived. 
Were you born on a freeway? Because that's where most accidents happen.
You should have been swallowed 
The only thing you carry is aids
You are as useless as a white crayon
How many tries did it take for you to click on the button that launches the game?
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
Internet Explorer could run faster than you
I would slap you, but that would be animal abuse
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
I'd call all of you cancer, but at LEAST cancer kills.
I've had more engaging arguments with my dog
WOW! imagine if your parents weren't siblings.
if i had a gun with 3 bullets, and next to you its hitler and justin beiber, i would shoot you 3 times
I`d call you cancer, but cancer actually gets kills
Have you tried turning your brain off and on again?
It's a joke, not a cock. Stop taking it hard.
You couldn't hit water if you fell out of a boat.
Kennedy dodges bullets better than you do.
I appreciate you letting us win a few rounds to make it fair, but you can start trying now.
The amount of extra chromosomes you have equals the amount of deaths you have
It's kinda sad watching you attempt to fit your entire vocabulary into one sentence.